README.md, before:

# scbw-bot-factory
a set of recipes to build a development environment for starcraft broodwar AI bots.

## requirements for veewee and virtualbox.

vagrant 1.4.3 virtualbox 4.3.10 ruby 1.9.1
```
sudo apt-get install vagrant virtualbox ruby-full
```
veewee 0.4.5.1
```
sudo gem install --user-install veewee --no-rdoc
```

winrm 0.2.2 (to launch windows boxes)
```
sudo gem install --user-install em-winrm  --no-rdoc
```
note: when installing with user-install, you need to add ~/.gem/..... /bin to your path.

veewee requires java to be installed to run the floppy files

## vbox creation

set WORKDIR to a path.
set VMNAME to a particular VM name

### VM vdi storage

```
mkdir -p ${WORKDIR}/vm
vboxmanage setproperty machinefolder ${WORKDIR}/vm
```
### iso storage
```
mkdir -p ${WORKDIR}/iso
```
copy win7, visual studio, and vbox guest additions in iso/

### definitions storage
These definitions come from veewee templates.
https://github.com/jedi4ever/veewee/tree/master/templates/windows-7-enterprise-amd64

```
mkdir -p ${WORKDIR}/definitions
ln -s path_to_win7sp1ent64_definition_dir ${WORKDIR}/${VMNAME}
```

### box instantiation
```
veewee vbox build ${VMNAME}  --workdir=${WORKDIR}
```

### login
```
ssh -p 59857 vagrant@localhost
```

## bot development environment installation

this requires to have python-virtualenv, python-dev (Fabric requires it)
```
sudo apt-get install python-virtualenv python-dev
```

create a virtualenv and install fabric in it:
```
virtualenv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install fabric
```

execute the fabric file
```
fab w7_64 deploy -c /path/to/fabric/config/config.rc -f /path/to/fabric/fabfile.py -p vagrant
```

Commit message:

update readme with new fabric environments

README.md, after:

# scbw-bot-factory
a set of recipes to build a development environment for starcraft broodwar AI bots.

## requirements for veewee and virtualbox.

vagrant 1.4.3 virtualbox 4.3.10 ruby 1.9.1
```
sudo apt-get install vagrant virtualbox ruby-full
```
veewee 0.4.5.1
```
sudo gem install --user-install veewee --no-rdoc
```

winrm 0.2.2 (to launch windows boxes)
```
sudo gem install --user-install em-winrm  --no-rdoc
```
note: when installing with user-install, you need to add ~/.gem/..... /bin to your path.

veewee requires java to be installed to run the floppy files

## vbox creation

set WORKDIR to a path.
set VMNAME to a particular VM name

### VM vdi storage

```
mkdir -p ${WORKDIR}/vm
vboxmanage setproperty machinefolder ${WORKDIR}/vm
```
### iso storage
```
mkdir -p ${WORKDIR}/iso
```
copy win7, visual studio, and vbox guest additions in iso/

### definitions storage
These definitions come from veewee templates.
https://github.com/jedi4ever/veewee/tree/master/templates/windows-7-enterprise-amd64

```
mkdir -p ${WORKDIR}/definitions
ln -s path_to_win7sp1ent64_definition_dir ${WORKDIR}/${VMNAME}
```

### box instantiation
```
veewee vbox build ${VMNAME}  --workdir=${WORKDIR}
```

### login
```
ssh -p 59857 vagrant@localhost
```

## bot development environment installation

this requires to have python-virtualenv, python-dev (Fabric requires it)
```
sudo apt-get install python-virtualenv python-dev
```

create a virtualenv and install fabric in it:
```
virtualenv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install fabric
```

execute the fabric file on vm1 or vm2 (2 different environments)
```
fab vm1 deploy -c /path/to/fabric/config/config.rc -f /path/to/fabric/fabfile.py -p vagrant
```
